Schoolab is an Innovation Studio.
At Schoolab we create projects
to learn how to work differently.
Here in this unique environment
we house three distinct populations
students, startups, and large companies.
They coexist in the same place
which is a new space we’ve recently inaugurated in Paris
over 1800 square meters on six levels
where we have around 400 residents, both permanent and temporary.
Not only do they work together but they create
the products and services of tomorrow.
What differentiates us from others that exist today
is the mobilization of an ecosystem,
comprised of a network of over 3000 people worldwide
that we can call on for innovative projects and workshops.
The next step is the rest of France.
We know entrepreneurial talent exists not only in Paris
and in its top schools but also across France,
in different universities and anywhere creative energy is found.
We have strong ties with the USA in California
in partnership with Stanford and Berkeley as well as Singapore
to cultivate a unique ecosystem that will provide opportunities
and break down barriers to let people be more innovative and impactful.
The essence of Schoolab is open-mindedness & adaptability
which will change the world of tomorrow.